Good morning, family. How y'all been doing?
I'm doing good. I just wanted to come
on and tell you all some
things that the Lord has been having
me pray over. When I got in
prayer, this is one of the things that he
told me. He
said, "I want you to watch Passover, for
Passover will become a time of even more
acceleration."There
will be an even
greater
acceleration at the time of
Passover.
And then I said,
"Acceleration of what?"He said, "My son's
return for the bride is
imminent."I
got so excited because the power of God
hit me so strong when he said this.
He said, "My son's return for the bride is
imminent. It's right there, son.
It's about to happen."I felt
such an urgency and an anticipation for
what God was telling me. He
said, "There's an acceleration.
You're going to see
acceleration again from Passover
going into the rest of the
year."This
will be a time of great
acceleration. So even from Rosh
Hashanah,
he said this would be a time
of acceleration. But now he spoke
to me and said from Passover to
whenever—I
don't know, he didn't give me a time
frame—he
just said this would be a time
of even greater
acceleration in the spirit realm,
with the
economy,
signs, politics, all of
it with Israel. Then he said this
to me: "I want you to pay
attention to the East."I saw
Chicago and Philadelphia, and
through the summer, I saw
headlines in the news and
great heatwaves
in
the
Northeast—record
temperatures
never seen before in that area. He said
there will be record temperatures in
Chicago and record temperatures in
Philadelphia, and this would be a sign of
the weather acceleration,
the birthing pains
of the earth, things like that.
I saw
heat like
I hate because
hot summers are terrible, but
I saw a record-breaking summer up in Chicago.
I don't know if it's a day of
heat or if it's a long stretch. I
just saw that it would be
record-breaking
temperatures for the
summer in that area—maybe
it lasts
a week, maybe it lasts a month.
I just saw
record-breaking temperatures
over Philadelphia, New York, and all up in
the
Northeast.
Then he spoke to me about the
thunderstorms again and told me there
would be record-breaking wind gusts. I saw
downbursts
coming out of the
storms—updrafts
and the wind coming down.
Straight-line
winds over 150 mph.
Not
tornadic,
but like when a
thunderstorm collapses and
has a burst
of air. I saw 150 mph
windbursts
coming out like
straight-line
winds. The Lord was talking to me
about storms coming in the spring,
and
like I told you,
long-track
tornadoes.
Pray—we
have authority over this now. I'm not
telling you all this to freak you
out. There are storms we can pray
against and pray a hedge of
protection around your area,
your
neighborhood,
and
over
your home. No
weapon formed against you will prosper.
Psalms 91 and Psalms
23—quoting
those and getting ready
because we're in an active time
on
this earth. He started talking to
me about
long-track
supercells,
superstorms
that were going to try to happen
in the spring through April, May,
and
June.
We're almost there.
I just thought it was interesting
when
he was talking to me about an
acceleration at Passover because I was
trying to figure out when Passover was.
It's at the end of April.
That was
just one night of prayer. He
started showing me glimpses of headlines:
glimpses of droughts in
certain areas with no rain, and then
for some areas,
there was going to be a lot
of rain in the spring.
I saw great downpours,
the lakes and ponds
filling up as a sign of mercy. He started
talking to me a lot about grace.
It's something you don't earn; it's
something you don't deserve, but
it's just by his love.
He was
really working on my heart
about not being so rigid.
He was saying,
"Brandon, there is a balance
where you are not living in sin,
but
you need to understand, son, that it's not
about your works and never will
be."Self-righteousness
to him is a total
stench. The Lord was
correcting me because I'm not to be so focused
on the
law. There's
a balance where people can walk
out grace.
He washed all
our sins away, past, present, and future,
but it's not practicing a
lifestyle of sin. I
always
want to
come across in these videos
as
a grace man too. I love the Lord
with all my heart, and I
want to make sure people understand that
I don't want them to go to hell. I don't
want them to think that they can
live a life of sin and still
make the Rapture.
It's about relationship.
I don't have all
my stuff together,
but
where sin abounds,
grace does much more abound.
I've been still praying for
the
hostages'release.
And I want to tell you all this: we need
to be watching. I told you all when we
saw that thing happen up in
Kansas—those
two kids doing
what they did—that was part of what I
told you and tried to warn you about,
about parades and big concert events.
Be watchful, be prayed up, pray
Psalm
91. We
can
draw a bloodline
and take authority
over the demonic agenda for mass shootings
so
that doesn't
happen anymore. It's not just about
America; it's a worldwide thing. I
don't know if everybody has
guns
everywhere, but I'm just saying to
have
wisdom and pray Psalm 91
for protection over where you are at all
times—malls,
big gatherings,
whatever. I just
feel to pray over this
for
protection because I saw
a demonic
agenda coming to cause
havoc and confusion.
We have authority over this
stuff.
That
should not have happened in
Kansas.
We, as the body of
Christ, should start taking our dominion.
We have massive warring angels.
We're too devil-minded, thinking the
devil has power.
No, we have
power and authority. We shouldn't be
letting the devil do anything. We have
power and authority to tread on serpents
and scorpions, and nothing shall by any
means hurt you or your family.
Every single day you wake up,
pray protection around your
children—pray
over them going to school
or
a
basketball game. Pray a hedge
of the blood of Jesus over your children,
taking communion and
anointing them. I got this oil
from one of the people that
follow
us. He has an oil company here
in America, and I think that's really
cool. It's spikenard. He has all kinds of
different fragrances like Rose
of Sharon; I love them. But
spikenard
smelled
really pretty. I
anointed my kids with this. I
anoint them with oil.
He says he prays over these
oils, and
I
appreciate that.
I anoint my kids and
anoint them with oil; I put a
bloodline over them. I just
go over there and put this on my
finger
and
say, "In the name of
Jesus, I put a bloodline over
you from the top of your head
to
the
soles
of your feet. No
weapon formed against you will
prosper."And
every tongue that rises against you,
we condemn it in the name of Jesus.
I say there
are
big angels
with you wherever you
go—on
your right, your left,
your back,
and
your
front—with
their swords and shields drawn
so
that nothing shall by any means hurt you.
I anoint my house with oil, my
car with oil, and the tires with oil.
I've
got oil streaks
all over my doors because I make sure
the blood of Jesus is applied over my
house. No devil in hell
can cross that bloodline.
I believe
in
the protection and power
of the blood of Jesus.
I believe
that
Jesus's blood
reigns
supreme. No weapon formed against you or
your family will prosper. And
even if you are in those places where the
devil is
trying to do something,
you cause it to
stop. You say, "No, cease and
desist!
You're maneuvering right now in the name
of Jesus."No casualties.
A thousand shall
fall at my side and ten thousand at my right
hand, but it will not come nigh us. I
believe it with
all
my
heart.
You have to
believe it in
your heart.
If he did it for the children of
Israel with the lamb's blood when the
death angel was coming
by—which
is
what I was talking
about with Passover a minute ago—they put
the bloodline over their doors
and the death angel passed by.
Those
were
under
an old covenant.
We can
apply the blood of Jesus over our
children, your
spouse,
and
even
your flight. When you get on an
airplane, reach up there and plead the
blood of Jesus over that door.
You don't have to be weird
about it. Just say, "I plead
the blood of Jesus over this flight in
Jesus'name.
No weapon formed against me
will prosper."People on that flight will be excited you're there
because you are
the salt of the earth.
Start walking in your authority.
In these last
days, anointing yourself with oil, taking
communion daily, and seeking him with all
your heart is
key.
Jesus Christ wants to have a
relationship with you.
He's the same yesterday, today, and
forever.
He
would die all over again today for us.
He wants protection for
your family.
Regarding
the storm season, take the anointing oil and
apply
it over your house
and
your car. No hell comes near your house. No
hailstones,
no straight-line
winds.
You're not going to break my trees.
I go out and anoint my trees all
the time. I put a bloodline over my trees and
say,
"This is
my tree. I have dominion and authority
over this tree. You're not going to touch
the limbs on my
tree."There's
no pestilence
or
plagues on my fruit
trees. I pray over my
apple trees and get a great harvest of apples.
I pray over my dogs,
I
pray over everything. The blood of
Jesus covers a
multitude of sins. People say
that to me
a lot
lately, and I
agree.
Love covers a multitude of
sins.
But I
also
believe we've got to
walk in holiness and not be
practicing sin or acting
like
the world. We've got to
be more like Jesus and less
like the world. It's not hard.
People want to argue with me, but
if you
struggle with sin, just try to
follow Jesus.
Read your Bible and pray in
tongues. If you're not baptized in the
Holy Ghost, today is your day.
You can be baptized
with the spirit, praying in tongues right
now where you're seated. It is not
hard. He's not going to grab your
tongue and flap it for you; you've got to
exercise your
faith.
Faith is an act.
You have to act out
your faith. God's not going to make it
happen for you.
By
faith, you receive your healing. My
camera crashed, so hopefully, it
picks
up. I had to turn off the
microphone because it overheated.
It's important that
you anoint your family with oil.
Fathers, pray over your
daughters and sons.
It's our job as parents
and heads
of the house to pray over your wife
and
your
travels.
If you're going on
a car
trip, anoint your car with oil.
I
believe in God's divine protection, and
you're going to need it in these last
days. You're going to need to be baptized
in the Holy Ghost
and
pray in tongues.
I encourage you to listen to John
Kilpatrick's sermon on his YouTube
channel about praying
in tongues.
It's a life-changing sermon.
It was
at
the
Church of
His
Presence, I
believe.
It will uplift your spirits.
I'm going to pray for you all. I don't
want to keep rambling;
I just tell you this because
I care. You can anoint your
wallet and
your
money.
I say, "Father, I plead the blood over
my finances. I'm a tither, a giver, and
a sower.
You said
you rebuke the devourer
for
my
sake."You
provide seed for the sower
and
take care of me
financially.
I
thank you
that
I have the mind of Christ when it
comes to money so I'm not
stupid with my finances. Father, I thank
you for wisdom
to make it stretch as far as
it can.
Let's be frugal with
what God's given us.
God will
give you witty ideas to
get wealth.
He'll
show you ideas
to make your dollar stretch. I believe
it's anointed by the Lord
because he loves you and
wants the best for you.
Bow your head and pray with
me.
We're
going to believe for
a supernatural turnaround. You are the head and not the tail. The devil shouldn't be running us over; we should be running him over. Father, right now in the name
of Jesus, I plead the blood of Jesus over every single viewer. I thank you that you've sent your angels to keep charge over them. I thank you
that no weapon
formed against
us
will prosper. I thank you for
the
covering of your
son's blood.
We call favor over
their workplaces and housing. We call
for
supernatural increase and favor
over their houses. We thank you
that they're healed and whole.
We pray a hedge of protection
over their marriages and
children. I thank you
for
bringing loved ones home. I thank
you
for
softening hard hearts
so
they would know you.
I
call forth people to be born again.
We curse cancer
in
Jesus'name.
We call
deliverance over them from every
demonic
activity—acid
reflux, hernias, or
anything
with their stomach,
gallbladder,
or
intestines. We call for wholeness.
We call for deliverance
from eating addictions.
Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law.
God has not given us a spirit
of fear, but of power, love, and a
sound
mind. We
take authority over the spirit of fear
and torment.
We rebuke you and
cast you out, for perfect love
casts
out all fear.
I am redeemed from fear
today.
I thank you
that your blood covers us and
your Holy Spirit gives us
guidance. Show us
where we need to be so we're always in
the right place at the right time. We
are
free
by the
blood
of the
lamb
and
the word
of
our testimony.
Jesus
paid
the price
for
you to
be
healed
and whole
today.
You
don't have to be bound by
a
devil.
Get
the word in
your
heart
and understand who you are.
Jesus loves you and paid the price
for you
to walk in victory.
I hope this blessed you
and
encouraged
you. It's not like Chicken Little—the sky is
not falling. The Lord is
not
falling off his throne.
He's able to
provide for you.
Be a tither and a giver,
and
the windows of
heaven will open over your
household. Do
you trust
the Lord
with your finances? I
sow
seeds
and
believe for
a supernatural harvest.
Please
like this video, subscribe, and click
the
notification bell.
It
helps get
the gospel to the whole world.
People are getting born
again and healed off this
channel;
marriages
are
being
restored.
It has everything to do with
Jesus.
Put a
smile on your face and a song on your
heart. Jesus loves you,
and we will see you next time.
Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.